_pages/about/press.md, before:

{% extends 'about/press.html' %}
{% load static %}
{% block title %}Press - {% endblock %}
{% block meta-description %}Docker is an open-source project to easily create lightweight, portable, self-sufficient containers from any application. The same container that a developer builds and tests on a laptop can run at scale, in production, on VMs, bare metal, OpenStack clusters, public clouds and more.{% endblock %}
{% block meta-keywords %}Docker, linux containers, lxc, PaaS, dotCloud, introduction, about, how it works{% endblock %}

{% block copy_headline %}
# What people are saying and writing about Docker #
{% endblock %}

{% block copy_introduction %}

## Docker in the news

Docker is an open source project that relies on the support of a great community of contributors worldwide.

* #### Oct 18 • Docker on The register

    Havana see your bare metal: New OpenStack v8 clinches containerization <span class="read more"><a href="http://www.theregister.co.uk/2013/10/18/openstack_havana/" target="_blank"> read more -></a></span>

    <a href="http://www.theregister.co.uk/2013/10/18/openstack_havana/" target="_blank"><img  style="margin:15px;" src="{% static 'img/press-logos/logo_theregister.png' %}" alt=theregister.co.uk></a>

* #### Oct 17 • Docker on siliconANGLE

    Yandex, Russia's Biggest Search Engine, Offers Cocaine to Deveopers <span class="read more"><a href="http://siliconangle.com/blog/2013/10/17/yandex-russias-biggest-search-engine-offers-cocaine-to-developers/" target="_blank"> read more -></a></span>

    <a href="http://siliconangle.com/blog/2013/10/17/yandex-russias-biggest-search-engine-offers-cocaine-to-developers/" target="_blank"><img style="margin:15px;" src="{% static 'img/press-logos/siliconangle-logo2.jpg' %}" alt="siliconANGLE.com"></a>
    
* #### Oct 17 • Docker on The register

    Free Cocaine giveaway from Russian search engine Yandex <span class="read more"><a href="http://www.theregister.co.uk/2013/10/17/free_cocaine_giveaway_from_russian_search_engine_yandex/" target="_blank"> read more -></a></span>

    <a href="http://www.theregister.co.uk/2013/10/17/free_cocaine_giveaway_from_russian_search_engine_yandex/" target="_blank"><img  style="margin:15px;" src="{% static 'img/press-logos/logo_theregister.png' %}" alt=theregister.co.uk></a>

* ####  Oct 16 • Docker on Techcrunch

    Search Engine Giant Yandex Launches Cocaine, A Cloud Service to Compete With Google App Engine
    <span class="read-more"><a href="http://techcrunch.com/2013/10/16/search-engine-giant-yandex-launches-cocaine-a-cloud-service-to-compete-with-google-app-engine/">read more -></a></span>

    <a href="http://techcrunch.com/2013/10/16/search-engine-giant-yandex-launches-cocaine-a-cloud-service-to-compete-with-google-app-engine/" target="_blank"><img style="margin:15px;" src="{% static 'img/press-logos/techcrunch_logo.jpg' %}" alt="techcrunch"></a>

* ####  Oct 15 • Docker on TechCrunch

    The Cloud Washers Will Loose
    <span class="read-more"><a href="http://techcrunch.com/2013/10/15/the-cloud-washers-will-lose/" target="_blank">read more -></a></span>

    <a href="http://techcrunch.com/2013/10/15/the-cloud-washers-will-lose/" target="_blank"><img style="margin:15px;" src="{% static 'img/press-logos/techcrunch_logo.jpg' %}" alt="TechCrunch"></a>

* ####  Sep 27 • Docker on InfoQ

    Securing Docker and Containers
    <span class="read-more"><a href="http://www.infoq.com/news/2013/09/docker-container-security" target="_blank">read more -></a></span>

    <a href="http://www.infoq.com/news/2013/09/docker-container-security" target="_blank"><img style="margin:15px;" src="{% static 'img/press-logos/logo_infoq.jpg' %}" alt="InfoQ"></a>

* #### Sep 26 • Docker on Techcrunch

    Mesosphere Adds Docker Support To Its Mesos-Based Operating System For The Data Center
    <span class="read-more"><a href="http://techcrunch.com/2013/09/26/mesosphere-adds-docker-support-to-its-mesos-based-operating-system-for-the-data-center/" target="_blank">read more -></a></span>

    <a href="http://techcrunch.com/2013/09/26/mesosphere-adds-docker-support-to-its-mesos-based-operating-system-for-the-data-center/" target="_blank"><img style="margin:15px;" src="{% static 'img/press-logos/techcrunch_logo.jpg' %}" alt="techcrunch"></a>

* ####  Sep 26 • Docker on InfoQ

    Docker Using Linux Containers to Support Portable Application Deployment
    <span class="read-more"><a href="http://www.infoq.com/articles/docker-containers" target="_blank">read more -></a></span>

    <a href="http://www.infoq.com/articles/docker-containers" target="_blank"><img style="margin:15px;" src="{% static 'img/press-logos/logo_infoq.jpg' %}" alt="InfoQ"></a>

* #### Sep 25 • Docker on siliconANGLE

    Red Hat Eyeing 'Open Hybrid Cloud' with New JBoss PaaS Lineup <span class="read more"><a href="http://siliconangle.com/blog/2013/09/25/red-hat-eyeing-open-hybrid-cloud-with-new-jboss-paas-lineup/" target="_blank"> read more -></a></span>

    <a href="http://siliconangle.com/blog/2013/09/25/red-hat-eyeing-open-hybrid-cloud-with-new-jboss-paas-lineup/" target="_blank"><img style="margin:15px;" src="{% static 'img/press-logos/siliconangle-logo2.jpg' %}" alt="siliconANGLE.com"></a>

* #### Sep 23 • Docker on Sys-Con

    Red Hat Takes a Fancy to dotCloud & Docker <span class="read-more"><a href="/static/documents/press/Sys-Con_Media_Client_Server_Newsletter_dotCloud.pdf" target="_blank">read more -></a> (PDF)</span>

    <a href="/static/documents/press/Sys-Con_Media_Client_Server_Newsletter_dotCloud.pdf" target="_blank"><img style="margin:15px;height:40px;" src="{% static 'img/press-logos/sys-con-media.png' %}" alt="Sys-Con Media"></a>

* #### Sep 20 • Docker on eWEEK

    Red Hat Expands Virtualization Options With Open-Source Docker <span class="read more"><a href="http://www.eweek.com/developer/red-hat-expands-virtualization-options-with-open-source-docker.html/" target="_blank"> read more -></a></span>

    <a href="http://www.eweek.com/developer/red-hat-expands-virtualization-options-with-open-source-docker.html/" target="_blank"><img style="margin:15px;" src="{% static 'img/press-logos/logo-eweek.jpg' %}" alt="eWEEK.com"></a>

* #### Sep 19 • Docker on Techcrunch

    DotCloud Pivots And Wins Big With Docker, The Cloud Service Now Part Of Red Hat OpenShift
    <span class="read-more"><a href="http://techcrunch.com/2013/09/19/dotcloud-pivots-and-wins-big-with-docker-the-cloud-service-now-part-of-red-hat-openshift/" target="_blank">read more -></a></span>

    <a href="http://techcrunch.com/2013/09/19/dotcloud-pivots-and-wins-big-with-docker-the-cloud-service-now-part-of-red-hat-openshift/" target="_blank"><img style="margin:15px;" src="{% static 'img/press-logos/techcrunch_logo.jpg' %}" alt="techcrunch"></a>

* #### Sep 19 • Docker on siliconANGLE

    Red Hat Teams Up with dotCloud to Promote Open Hypervisor Alternative <span class="read more"><a href="http://siliconangle.com/blog/2013/09/19/red-hat-teams-up-with-dotcloud-to-promote-open-hyperviper-alternative/" target="_blank"> read more -></a></span>

    <a href="http://siliconangle.com/blog/2013/09/19/red-hat-teams-up-with-dotcloud-to-promote-open-hyperviper-alternative/" target="_blank"><img style="margin:15px;" src="{% static 'img/press-logos/siliconangle-logo2.jpg' %}" alt="siliconANGLE.com"></a>

* #### Sep 19 • Docker on The register

    Red Hat and dotCloud team up on time-saving Linux container tech <span class="read more"><a href="http://www.theregister.co.uk/2013/09/19/wtf_is_containerisation_and_why_are_red_hat_and_dotcloud_doing_it/" target="_blank"> read more -></a></span>

    <a href="http://www.theregister.co.uk/2013/09/19/wtf_is_containerisation_and_why_are_red_hat_and_dotcloud_doing_it/" target="_blank"><img  style="margin:15px;" src="{% static 'img/press-logos/logo_theregister.png' %}" alt=theregister.co.uk></a>

* #### Sep 19 • Docker on RedHat

    Red Hat and dotCloud Collaborate on Docker to Bring Next Generation Linux Container Enhancements to OpenShift Platform-as-a-Service <span class="read more"><a href="http://www.redhat.com/about/news/press-archive/2013/9/red-hat-and-dotcloud-collaborate-on-docker-to-bring-next-generation-linux-container-enhancements-to-openshift" target="_blank"> read more -></a></span>

    <a href="http://www.redhat.com/about/news/press-archive/2013/9/red-hat-and-dotcloud-collaborate-on-docker-to-bring-next-generation-linux-container-enhancements-to-openshift" target="_blank"><img style="margin:15px;" src="{% static 'img/press-logos/redhat-logo.png' %}" alt="RedHat"></a>

* #### Sep 09 • Docker on Wired

    The man who would built a computer the size of the entire internet <span class="read more"><a href="http://www.wired.com/wiredenterprise/2013/09/docker/" target="_blank"> read more -></a></span>

    <a href="http://www.wired.com/wiredenterprise/2013/09/docker/" target="_blank"><img style="margin:15px;" src="{% static 'img/press-logos/wired_logo.gif' %}" alt="Wired.com"></a>

* #### Aug 19 • Docker on Admin Magazine

    Docker: Create portable containers that run in the cloud - or even on bare metal <span class="read more"><a href="http://www.admin-magazine.com/Archive/2013/16" target="_blank"> read more -></a></span>

    <a href="http://www.admin-magazine.com/Archive/2013/16" target="_blank"><img style="margin:15px;height:40px;" src="{% static 'img/press-logos/admin-magazine-logo.png' %}" alt="Admin magazine"></a>

* #### Jul 31 • Docker on Linux.com 

    Docker: A 'Shipping Container' for Linux Code <span class="read-more"><a href="http://www.linux.com/news/enterprise/cloud-computing/731454-docker-a-shipping-container-for-linux-code/" target="_blank">read more -></a></span>

    <a href="http://www.linux.com/news/enterprise/cloud-computing/731454-docker-a-shipping-container-for-linux-code/" target="_blank"><img style="margin:15px;" src="{% static 'img/press-logos/linux.com_150.png' %}" alt="Linux.com"></a>

* #### Jul 28 • Docker on Techcrunch

    The Matrix Of Hell And Two Open-Source Projects For The Emerging Agnostic Cloud
    <span class="read-more"><a href="http://techcrunch.com/2013/07/28/the-matrix-of-hell-and-two-open-source-projects-for-the-emerging-agnostic-cloud/" target="_blank">read more -></a></span>

    <a href="http://techcrunch.com/2013/07/28/the-matrix-of-hell-and-two-open-source-projects-for-the-emerging-agnostic-cloud/" target="_blank"><img style="margin:15px;" src="{% static 'img/press-logos/techcrunch_logo.jpg' %}" alt="techcrunch"></a>

* #### Jul 23 • Docker on GigaOM

    PaaS pioner dotCloud gets new CEO in industry vet Ben Golub <span class="read-more"><a href="http://gigaom.com/2013/07/23/paas-pioneer-dotcloud-gets-new-ceo-in-industry-vet-ben-golub/" target="_blank">read more -></a></span>

    <a href="http://gigaom.com/2013/07/23/paas-pioneer-dotcloud-gets-new-ceo-in-industry-vet-ben-golub/" target="_blank"><img style="margin:15px;" src="{% static 'img/press-logos/logo-gigaom.png' %}" alt="gigaom.com"></a>

* ####  Mar 27 • Docker on InfoQ

    Docker: Automated and Consistent Software Deployments
    <span class="read-more"><a href="http://www.infoq.com/news/2013/03/Docker" target="_blank">read more -></a></span>

    <a href="http://www.infoq.com/news/2013/03/Docker" target="_blank"><img style="margin:15px;" src="{% static 'img/press-logos/logo_infoq.jpg' %}" alt="InfoQ"></a>


{### Projects using Docker#}

{#* projects using docker#}
{#    **Deis**#}
{#    Deis #}
{##}
{#   - http://www.memcachedasaservice.com#}
{#   - http://blog.frozenridge.co/next-generation-continuous-integration-deployment-with-dotclouds-docker-and-strider/#}
{##}
{#  - Web Interface for docker DockerUI:#}
{#        * Link: https://github.com/crosbymichael/dockerui#}
{#        * Video: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d4CCClXB_fs#}
{#        * HN: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=5853033#}

## Blogposts on Docker


   - [Rackspace: How Mailgun Uses Docker and Contributes Back  - Oct 14, 2013 ](http://www.rackspace.com/blog/how-mailgun-uses-docker-and-contributes-back/)
   - [Ijonas: Building a Docker-based MySQL Server   - Oct 14, 2013 ](http://ijonas.com/devops-2/building-a-docker-based-mysql-server/)
   - [Zargony: IPv6 in Docker   - Oct 13, 2013 ](http://ijonas.com/devops-2/a-docker-container-folder-structure-thats-flexible-and-scales/)
   - [Ijonas: A Docker Container folder structure that's flexible and scales   - Oct 13, 2013 ](http://ijonas.com/devops-2/a-docker-container-folder-structure-thats-flexible-and-scales/)
   - [IbuildtheCloud: RuPy 2013: Stack A Plateform With Linux Containers    - Oct 13, 2013 ](http://ibuildthecloud.tumblr.com/post/63895248725/docker-is-lxcs-ajax)
   - [Tero Parviainen: RuPy 2013: Stack A Plateform With Linux Containers    - Oct 13, 2013 ](http://teropa.info/blog/2013/10/13/rupy-2013-stack-a-platform-with-linux-containers.html)
   - [Noah White: Docker + Glassfish4    - Oct 11, 2013 ](http://www.noahwhite.net/soc/2013/10/docker-glassfish4.html)
   - [Marek Goldmann: WildFly cluster using Docker on Fedora    - Oct 7, 2013 ](http://goldmann.pl/blog/2013/10/07/wildfly-cluster-using-docker-on-fedora/)
   - [Ijonas: Building a MongoDB Cluster using DOcker Containers    - Oct 6, 2013 ](http://ijonas.com/devops-2/building-a-mongodb-cluster-using-docker-containers/)
   - [Codeaholics.org: Giving Docker/LXC containers a routable IP address       - Oct 2, 2013 ](http://blog.codeaholics.org/2013/giving-dockerlxc-containers-a-routable-ip-address/)
   - [ITBusinessEdge: Red Hat Throws Support Behind Portable App Container       - Sep 30, 2013 ](http://www.itbusinessedge.com/blogs/it-unmasked/red-hat-throws-support-behind-portable-app-container.html)
   - [Buildbot: First Buildbot run with Docker    - Sep 30, 2013 ](http://buildbot.readthedocs.org/en/latest/tutorial/docker.html)
   - [Medium: Production Quality MongoDB Setup with Docker      - Sep 29, 2013 ](https://medium.com/on-coding/65136a4a9d8)
   - [Devashish: Docker containers memory troubleshooting       - Sep 28, 2013 ](http://devashish.co.in/2013/09/28/docker-containers-memory-troubleshooting/)
   - [Themiddlewareman:        Docker + Red Hat OpenShift = The Tipping Point for Open PaaS          - Sep 27, 2013 ](http://www.themiddlewareman.org/2013/09/27/docker-red-hat-openshift-tiping-point-open-paas/)
   - [Mesosphere:        Docker on Mesos          - Sep 26, 2013 ](http://mesosphere.io/2013/09/26/docker-on-mesos/)
   - [Marek Goldmann:        Docker and Fedora          - Sep 25, 2013 ](http://goldmann.pl/blog/2013/09/25/docker-and-fedora/)
   - [Openshift:        Technical Thoughts on OpenShift and Docker          - Sep 25, 2013 ](https://www.openshift.com/blogs/technical-thoughts-on-openshift-and-docker)
   - [How are you:        Continuous deliverey with Docker and Jenkins part 1           - Sep 24, 2013 ](http://blog.howareyou.com/post/62157486858/continuous-delivery-with-docker-and-jenkins-part-i)
   - [Three of coins:     Flat Docker images - Sept 22, 2013](http://3ofcoins.net/2013/09/22/flat-docker-images/)
   - [Shrikar Archak:     Machine Learning Playground Using Docker  - Sept 19, 2013](http://shrikar.com/blog/2013/09/19/machine-learning-playground-using-docker/)
   - [Thinkcube: How to put your development environment on docker - Sep 18, 2013, 2013 ](http://blog.codiez.co.za/2013/09/setup-a-docker-container-with-mongodb/)
   - [Barton George:      Talking to the Docker dudes                                   - Sept 12, 2013 ](http://bartongeorge.net/2013/09/12/talking-to-the-docker-dudes/)
   - [Wercker:            Building and testing a cluster of RethinkDB DOcker containers - Sept 10, 2013](http://blog.wercker.com/2013/09/10/Building-and-testing-a-cluster-of-RethinkDB-Docker-containers.html)
   - [Codiez:             Setup a Docker Container With MongoDB - Sep 4, 2013 ](http://play.thinkcube.com/development-environment-on-docker)
   - [Matt Whiteley:          Docker on i386 ](http://mwhiteley.com/linux-containers/2013/08/31/docker-on-i386.html)
   - [Rackspace:          Get Faster, More Affordable Cloud Applications With OS Virtualization Containers - Aug 26, 2013 ](http://www.rackspace.com/blog/get-faster-more-affordable-cloud-applications-with-os-virtualization-containers/)
   - [Atlassion:          Deploy Java Apps With Docker = Awesome                        - June 13, 2013 ](http://blogs.atlassian.com/2013/06/deploy-java-apps-with-docker-awesome/)
   - [Rob Knight:          Drupal on Docker                                              - May 13 , 2013       ](http://robknight.org.uk/blog/2013/05/drupal-on-docker/)
   - [Puppet forge:        Puppet module for installing Docker from the official PPA    - May 12, 2013  ](http://forge.puppetlabs.com/garethr/docker)
   - [Ken Cochrane:        Running docker on Rackspace cloud                             - May 11 2013      ](http://kencochrane.net/blog/2013/05/running-docker-on-rackspace-cloud/)
   - [Building a SaaS using Docker                                  - Apr 14, 2013  ](http://www.slideshare.net/julienbarbier42/building-a-saas-using-docker)
   - [Flavio Castelli:     Docker and OpenSuse                                           - Apr 12, 2013  ](http://flavio.castelli.name/2013/04/12/docker-and-opensuse/)
   - [John Costa:          Installing redis on Docker                                    - Apr 7, 2013   ](http://www.johnmcostaiii.net/2013/installing-redis-on-docker/)

## Docker on Hacker News
   Read [last Hacker News submissions on Docker](https://www.hnsearch.com/search#request/submissions&q=docker&sortby=create_ts+desc&start=0)
  
{#    http://www.rackspace.com/blog/get-faster-more-affordable-cloud-applications-with-os-virtualization-containers/#}
-{#2. podcasts, and videos#}
{#  - http://thechangelog.com/89/#}
{#  - http://foodfightshow.org/2013/04/docker-the-linux-container-runtime.html#}
{#  - http://trafficandweather.io/posts/2013/5/12/episode-11-#}
{#  - http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3N3n9FzebAA dotScale 2013 - Solomon Hykes - Why we built Docker#}
{##}
{#6. presentations and lightning talks (slides + videos)#}
{#   - Solomon pycon lightning talk (already have, but link as well?)#}
{#   - videos of the docker hack day presentations?#}
{#   - Brian McCallister at atmosphereconf https://atmosphere-conference.com/en/lecture/48/#}
{#   - Jef Lindsay & Solomon	Hykes Building Your Own PaaS with Docker at GlueCon 2013 (video: http://vimeo.com/67284401)#}
{##}
{#7. API and other libs for docker#}
{#   - http://rubygems.org/gems/kitchen-docker#}
{#   - https://github.com/brianm/docker-play#}
{##}
{#8. Other articles#}
{#   - http://www.infoq.com/news/2013/03/Docker#}
{#   - http://kuhnza.com/2013/03/27/docker-makes-creating-secure-sandboxes-easier-than-ever/#}
{#   - http://thechangelog.com/docker-from-dotcloud-is-now-open-source-the-future-of-linux-containers/#}


**If you find an interesting article is missing.. Please make a pull request to [this page](https://github.com/dotcloud/www.docker.io/blob/master/_pages/about/press.md)**

{% endblock %}

Commit message:

Add recent blog posts to the list
Added three blog posts to the list

_pages/about/press.md, after:

{% extends 'about/press.html' %}
{% load static %}
{% block title %}Press - {% endblock %}
{% block meta-description %}Docker is an open-source project to easily create lightweight, portable, self-sufficient containers from any application. The same container that a developer builds and tests on a laptop can run at scale, in production, on VMs, bare metal, OpenStack clusters, public clouds and more.{% endblock %}
{% block meta-keywords %}Docker, linux containers, lxc, PaaS, dotCloud, introduction, about, how it works{% endblock %}

{% block copy_headline %}
# What people are saying and writing about Docker #
{% endblock %}

{% block copy_introduction %}

## Docker in the news

Docker is an open source project that relies on the support of a great community of contributors worldwide.

* #### Oct 18 • Docker on The register

    Havana see your bare metal: New OpenStack v8 clinches containerization <span class="read more"><a href="http://www.theregister.co.uk/2013/10/18/openstack_havana/" target="_blank"> read more -></a></span>

    <a href="http://www.theregister.co.uk/2013/10/18/openstack_havana/" target="_blank"><img  style="margin:15px;" src="{% static 'img/press-logos/logo_theregister.png' %}" alt=theregister.co.uk></a>

* #### Oct 17 • Docker on siliconANGLE

    Yandex, Russia's Biggest Search Engine, Offers Cocaine to Deveopers <span class="read more"><a href="http://siliconangle.com/blog/2013/10/17/yandex-russias-biggest-search-engine-offers-cocaine-to-developers/" target="_blank"> read more -></a></span>

    <a href="http://siliconangle.com/blog/2013/10/17/yandex-russias-biggest-search-engine-offers-cocaine-to-developers/" target="_blank"><img style="margin:15px;" src="{% static 'img/press-logos/siliconangle-logo2.jpg' %}" alt="siliconANGLE.com"></a>
    
* #### Oct 17 • Docker on The register

    Free Cocaine giveaway from Russian search engine Yandex <span class="read more"><a href="http://www.theregister.co.uk/2013/10/17/free_cocaine_giveaway_from_russian_search_engine_yandex/" target="_blank"> read more -></a></span>

    <a href="http://www.theregister.co.uk/2013/10/17/free_cocaine_giveaway_from_russian_search_engine_yandex/" target="_blank"><img  style="margin:15px;" src="{% static 'img/press-logos/logo_theregister.png' %}" alt=theregister.co.uk></a>

* ####  Oct 16 • Docker on Techcrunch

    Search Engine Giant Yandex Launches Cocaine, A Cloud Service to Compete With Google App Engine
    <span class="read-more"><a href="http://techcrunch.com/2013/10/16/search-engine-giant-yandex-launches-cocaine-a-cloud-service-to-compete-with-google-app-engine/">read more -></a></span>

    <a href="http://techcrunch.com/2013/10/16/search-engine-giant-yandex-launches-cocaine-a-cloud-service-to-compete-with-google-app-engine/" target="_blank"><img style="margin:15px;" src="{% static 'img/press-logos/techcrunch_logo.jpg' %}" alt="techcrunch"></a>

* ####  Oct 15 • Docker on TechCrunch

    The Cloud Washers Will Loose
    <span class="read-more"><a href="http://techcrunch.com/2013/10/15/the-cloud-washers-will-lose/" target="_blank">read more -></a></span>

    <a href="http://techcrunch.com/2013/10/15/the-cloud-washers-will-lose/" target="_blank"><img style="margin:15px;" src="{% static 'img/press-logos/techcrunch_logo.jpg' %}" alt="TechCrunch"></a>

* ####  Sep 27 • Docker on InfoQ

    Securing Docker and Containers
    <span class="read-more"><a href="http://www.infoq.com/news/2013/09/docker-container-security" target="_blank">read more -></a></span>

    <a href="http://www.infoq.com/news/2013/09/docker-container-security" target="_blank"><img style="margin:15px;" src="{% static 'img/press-logos/logo_infoq.jpg' %}" alt="InfoQ"></a>

* #### Sep 26 • Docker on Techcrunch

    Mesosphere Adds Docker Support To Its Mesos-Based Operating System For The Data Center
    <span class="read-more"><a href="http://techcrunch.com/2013/09/26/mesosphere-adds-docker-support-to-its-mesos-based-operating-system-for-the-data-center/" target="_blank">read more -></a></span>

    <a href="http://techcrunch.com/2013/09/26/mesosphere-adds-docker-support-to-its-mesos-based-operating-system-for-the-data-center/" target="_blank"><img style="margin:15px;" src="{% static 'img/press-logos/techcrunch_logo.jpg' %}" alt="techcrunch"></a>

* ####  Sep 26 • Docker on InfoQ

    Docker Using Linux Containers to Support Portable Application Deployment
    <span class="read-more"><a href="http://www.infoq.com/articles/docker-containers" target="_blank">read more -></a></span>

    <a href="http://www.infoq.com/articles/docker-containers" target="_blank"><img style="margin:15px;" src="{% static 'img/press-logos/logo_infoq.jpg' %}" alt="InfoQ"></a>

* #### Sep 25 • Docker on siliconANGLE

    Red Hat Eyeing 'Open Hybrid Cloud' with New JBoss PaaS Lineup <span class="read more"><a href="http://siliconangle.com/blog/2013/09/25/red-hat-eyeing-open-hybrid-cloud-with-new-jboss-paas-lineup/" target="_blank"> read more -></a></span>

    <a href="http://siliconangle.com/blog/2013/09/25/red-hat-eyeing-open-hybrid-cloud-with-new-jboss-paas-lineup/" target="_blank"><img style="margin:15px;" src="{% static 'img/press-logos/siliconangle-logo2.jpg' %}" alt="siliconANGLE.com"></a>

* #### Sep 23 • Docker on Sys-Con

    Red Hat Takes a Fancy to dotCloud & Docker <span class="read-more"><a href="/static/documents/press/Sys-Con_Media_Client_Server_Newsletter_dotCloud.pdf" target="_blank">read more -></a> (PDF)</span>

    <a href="/static/documents/press/Sys-Con_Media_Client_Server_Newsletter_dotCloud.pdf" target="_blank"><img style="margin:15px;height:40px;" src="{% static 'img/press-logos/sys-con-media.png' %}" alt="Sys-Con Media"></a>

* #### Sep 20 • Docker on eWEEK

    Red Hat Expands Virtualization Options With Open-Source Docker <span class="read more"><a href="http://www.eweek.com/developer/red-hat-expands-virtualization-options-with-open-source-docker.html/" target="_blank"> read more -></a></span>

    <a href="http://www.eweek.com/developer/red-hat-expands-virtualization-options-with-open-source-docker.html/" target="_blank"><img style="margin:15px;" src="{% static 'img/press-logos/logo-eweek.jpg' %}" alt="eWEEK.com"></a>

* #### Sep 19 • Docker on Techcrunch

    DotCloud Pivots And Wins Big With Docker, The Cloud Service Now Part Of Red Hat OpenShift
    <span class="read-more"><a href="http://techcrunch.com/2013/09/19/dotcloud-pivots-and-wins-big-with-docker-the-cloud-service-now-part-of-red-hat-openshift/" target="_blank">read more -></a></span>

    <a href="http://techcrunch.com/2013/09/19/dotcloud-pivots-and-wins-big-with-docker-the-cloud-service-now-part-of-red-hat-openshift/" target="_blank"><img style="margin:15px;" src="{% static 'img/press-logos/techcrunch_logo.jpg' %}" alt="techcrunch"></a>

* #### Sep 19 • Docker on siliconANGLE

    Red Hat Teams Up with dotCloud to Promote Open Hypervisor Alternative <span class="read more"><a href="http://siliconangle.com/blog/2013/09/19/red-hat-teams-up-with-dotcloud-to-promote-open-hyperviper-alternative/" target="_blank"> read more -></a></span>

    <a href="http://siliconangle.com/blog/2013/09/19/red-hat-teams-up-with-dotcloud-to-promote-open-hyperviper-alternative/" target="_blank"><img style="margin:15px;" src="{% static 'img/press-logos/siliconangle-logo2.jpg' %}" alt="siliconANGLE.com"></a>

* #### Sep 19 • Docker on The register

    Red Hat and dotCloud team up on time-saving Linux container tech <span class="read more"><a href="http://www.theregister.co.uk/2013/09/19/wtf_is_containerisation_and_why_are_red_hat_and_dotcloud_doing_it/" target="_blank"> read more -></a></span>

    <a href="http://www.theregister.co.uk/2013/09/19/wtf_is_containerisation_and_why_are_red_hat_and_dotcloud_doing_it/" target="_blank"><img  style="margin:15px;" src="{% static 'img/press-logos/logo_theregister.png' %}" alt=theregister.co.uk></a>

* #### Sep 19 • Docker on RedHat

    Red Hat and dotCloud Collaborate on Docker to Bring Next Generation Linux Container Enhancements to OpenShift Platform-as-a-Service <span class="read more"><a href="http://www.redhat.com/about/news/press-archive/2013/9/red-hat-and-dotcloud-collaborate-on-docker-to-bring-next-generation-linux-container-enhancements-to-openshift" target="_blank"> read more -></a></span>

    <a href="http://www.redhat.com/about/news/press-archive/2013/9/red-hat-and-dotcloud-collaborate-on-docker-to-bring-next-generation-linux-container-enhancements-to-openshift" target="_blank"><img style="margin:15px;" src="{% static 'img/press-logos/redhat-logo.png' %}" alt="RedHat"></a>

* #### Sep 09 • Docker on Wired

    The man who would built a computer the size of the entire internet <span class="read more"><a href="http://www.wired.com/wiredenterprise/2013/09/docker/" target="_blank"> read more -></a></span>

    <a href="http://www.wired.com/wiredenterprise/2013/09/docker/" target="_blank"><img style="margin:15px;" src="{% static 'img/press-logos/wired_logo.gif' %}" alt="Wired.com"></a>

* #### Aug 19 • Docker on Admin Magazine

    Docker: Create portable containers that run in the cloud - or even on bare metal <span class="read more"><a href="http://www.admin-magazine.com/Archive/2013/16" target="_blank"> read more -></a></span>

    <a href="http://www.admin-magazine.com/Archive/2013/16" target="_blank"><img style="margin:15px;height:40px;" src="{% static 'img/press-logos/admin-magazine-logo.png' %}" alt="Admin magazine"></a>

* #### Jul 31 • Docker on Linux.com 

    Docker: A 'Shipping Container' for Linux Code <span class="read-more"><a href="http://www.linux.com/news/enterprise/cloud-computing/731454-docker-a-shipping-container-for-linux-code/" target="_blank">read more -></a></span>

    <a href="http://www.linux.com/news/enterprise/cloud-computing/731454-docker-a-shipping-container-for-linux-code/" target="_blank"><img style="margin:15px;" src="{% static 'img/press-logos/linux.com_150.png' %}" alt="Linux.com"></a>

* #### Jul 28 • Docker on Techcrunch

    The Matrix Of Hell And Two Open-Source Projects For The Emerging Agnostic Cloud
    <span class="read-more"><a href="http://techcrunch.com/2013/07/28/the-matrix-of-hell-and-two-open-source-projects-for-the-emerging-agnostic-cloud/" target="_blank">read more -></a></span>

    <a href="http://techcrunch.com/2013/07/28/the-matrix-of-hell-and-two-open-source-projects-for-the-emerging-agnostic-cloud/" target="_blank"><img style="margin:15px;" src="{% static 'img/press-logos/techcrunch_logo.jpg' %}" alt="techcrunch"></a>

* #### Jul 23 • Docker on GigaOM

    PaaS pioner dotCloud gets new CEO in industry vet Ben Golub <span class="read-more"><a href="http://gigaom.com/2013/07/23/paas-pioneer-dotcloud-gets-new-ceo-in-industry-vet-ben-golub/" target="_blank">read more -></a></span>

    <a href="http://gigaom.com/2013/07/23/paas-pioneer-dotcloud-gets-new-ceo-in-industry-vet-ben-golub/" target="_blank"><img style="margin:15px;" src="{% static 'img/press-logos/logo-gigaom.png' %}" alt="gigaom.com"></a>

* ####  Mar 27 • Docker on InfoQ

    Docker: Automated and Consistent Software Deployments
    <span class="read-more"><a href="http://www.infoq.com/news/2013/03/Docker" target="_blank">read more -></a></span>

    <a href="http://www.infoq.com/news/2013/03/Docker" target="_blank"><img style="margin:15px;" src="{% static 'img/press-logos/logo_infoq.jpg' %}" alt="InfoQ"></a>


{### Projects using Docker#}

{#* projects using docker#}
{#    **Deis**#}
{#    Deis #}
{##}
{#   - http://www.memcachedasaservice.com#}
{#   - http://blog.frozenridge.co/next-generation-continuous-integration-deployment-with-dotclouds-docker-and-strider/#}
{##}
{#  - Web Interface for docker DockerUI:#}
{#        * Link: https://github.com/crosbymichael/dockerui#}
{#        * Video: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d4CCClXB_fs#}
{#        * HN: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=5853033#}

## Blogposts on Docker


   - [BaseSpace Blog: Introducing the Native App Engine  - Oct 21, 2013 ](http://blog.basespace.illumina.com/2013/10/21/introducing-the-native-app-engine/)
   - [Paul Czarkowski: Managing Docker Services With This One Easy Trick  - Oct 20, 2013 ](http://tech.paulcz.net/2013/10/managing-docker-services-with-this-one-easy-trick.html#/index)
   - [RelateIQ: Why Docker? Why not Chef?  - Oct 17, 2013 ](http://blog.relateiq.com/why-docker-why-not-chef/)
   - [Rackspace: How Mailgun Uses Docker and Contributes Back  - Oct 14, 2013 ](http://www.rackspace.com/blog/how-mailgun-uses-docker-and-contributes-back/)
   - [Ijonas: Building a Docker-based MySQL Server   - Oct 14, 2013 ](http://ijonas.com/devops-2/building-a-docker-based-mysql-server/)
   - [Zargony: IPv6 in Docker   - Oct 13, 2013 ](http://ijonas.com/devops-2/a-docker-container-folder-structure-thats-flexible-and-scales/)
   - [Ijonas: A Docker Container folder structure that's flexible and scales   - Oct 13, 2013 ](http://ijonas.com/devops-2/a-docker-container-folder-structure-thats-flexible-and-scales/)
   - [IbuildtheCloud: RuPy 2013: Stack A Plateform With Linux Containers    - Oct 13, 2013 ](http://ibuildthecloud.tumblr.com/post/63895248725/docker-is-lxcs-ajax)
   - [Tero Parviainen: RuPy 2013: Stack A Plateform With Linux Containers    - Oct 13, 2013 ](http://teropa.info/blog/2013/10/13/rupy-2013-stack-a-platform-with-linux-containers.html)
   - [Noah White: Docker + Glassfish4    - Oct 11, 2013 ](http://www.noahwhite.net/soc/2013/10/docker-glassfish4.html)
   - [Hendrik Volkmer    - Oct 11, 2013 ](http://blog.hendrikvolkmer.de/2013/10/11/the-missing-piece-operating-systems-for-web-scale-cloud-apps/)
   - [Marek Goldmann: WildFly cluster using Docker on Fedora    - Oct 7, 2013 ](http://goldmann.pl/blog/2013/10/07/wildfly-cluster-using-docker-on-fedora/)
   - [Ijonas: Building a MongoDB Cluster using DOcker Containers    - Oct 6, 2013 ](http://ijonas.com/devops-2/building-a-mongodb-cluster-using-docker-containers/)
   - [Codeaholics.org: Giving Docker/LXC containers a routable IP address       - Oct 2, 2013 ](http://blog.codeaholics.org/2013/giving-dockerlxc-containers-a-routable-ip-address/)
   - [ITBusinessEdge: Red Hat Throws Support Behind Portable App Container       - Sep 30, 2013 ](http://www.itbusinessedge.com/blogs/it-unmasked/red-hat-throws-support-behind-portable-app-container.html)
   - [Buildbot: First Buildbot run with Docker    - Sep 30, 2013 ](http://buildbot.readthedocs.org/en/latest/tutorial/docker.html)
   - [Medium: Production Quality MongoDB Setup with Docker      - Sep 29, 2013 ](https://medium.com/on-coding/65136a4a9d8)
   - [Devashish: Docker containers memory troubleshooting       - Sep 28, 2013 ](http://devashish.co.in/2013/09/28/docker-containers-memory-troubleshooting/)
   - [Themiddlewareman:        Docker + Red Hat OpenShift = The Tipping Point for Open PaaS          - Sep 27, 2013 ](http://www.themiddlewareman.org/2013/09/27/docker-red-hat-openshift-tiping-point-open-paas/)
   - [Mesosphere:        Docker on Mesos          - Sep 26, 2013 ](http://mesosphere.io/2013/09/26/docker-on-mesos/)
   - [Marek Goldmann:        Docker and Fedora          - Sep 25, 2013 ](http://goldmann.pl/blog/2013/09/25/docker-and-fedora/)
   - [Openshift:        Technical Thoughts on OpenShift and Docker          - Sep 25, 2013 ](https://www.openshift.com/blogs/technical-thoughts-on-openshift-and-docker)
   - [How are you:        Continuous deliverey with Docker and Jenkins part 1           - Sep 24, 2013 ](http://blog.howareyou.com/post/62157486858/continuous-delivery-with-docker-and-jenkins-part-i)
   - [Three of coins:     Flat Docker images - Sept 22, 2013](http://3ofcoins.net/2013/09/22/flat-docker-images/)
   - [Shrikar Archak:     Machine Learning Playground Using Docker  - Sept 19, 2013](http://shrikar.com/blog/2013/09/19/machine-learning-playground-using-docker/)
   - [Thinkcube: How to put your development environment on docker - Sep 18, 2013, 2013 ](http://blog.codiez.co.za/2013/09/setup-a-docker-container-with-mongodb/)
   - [Barton George:      Talking to the Docker dudes                                   - Sept 12, 2013 ](http://bartongeorge.net/2013/09/12/talking-to-the-docker-dudes/)
   - [Wercker:            Building and testing a cluster of RethinkDB DOcker containers - Sept 10, 2013](http://blog.wercker.com/2013/09/10/Building-and-testing-a-cluster-of-RethinkDB-Docker-containers.html)
   - [Codiez:             Setup a Docker Container With MongoDB - Sep 4, 2013 ](http://play.thinkcube.com/development-environment-on-docker)
   - [Matt Whiteley:          Docker on i386 ](http://mwhiteley.com/linux-containers/2013/08/31/docker-on-i386.html)
   - [Rackspace:          Get Faster, More Affordable Cloud Applications With OS Virtualization Containers - Aug 26, 2013 ](http://www.rackspace.com/blog/get-faster-more-affordable-cloud-applications-with-os-virtualization-containers/)
   - [Atlassion:          Deploy Java Apps With Docker = Awesome                        - June 13, 2013 ](http://blogs.atlassian.com/2013/06/deploy-java-apps-with-docker-awesome/)
   - [Rob Knight:          Drupal on Docker                                              - May 13 , 2013       ](http://robknight.org.uk/blog/2013/05/drupal-on-docker/)
   - [Puppet forge:        Puppet module for installing Docker from the official PPA    - May 12, 2013  ](http://forge.puppetlabs.com/garethr/docker)
   - [Ken Cochrane:        Running docker on Rackspace cloud                             - May 11 2013      ](http://kencochrane.net/blog/2013/05/running-docker-on-rackspace-cloud/)
   - [Building a SaaS using Docker                                  - Apr 14, 2013  ](http://www.slideshare.net/julienbarbier42/building-a-saas-using-docker)
   - [Flavio Castelli:     Docker and OpenSuse                                           - Apr 12, 2013  ](http://flavio.castelli.name/2013/04/12/docker-and-opensuse/)
   - [John Costa:          Installing redis on Docker                                    - Apr 7, 2013   ](http://www.johnmcostaiii.net/2013/installing-redis-on-docker/)

## Docker on Hacker News
   Read [last Hacker News submissions on Docker](https://www.hnsearch.com/search#request/submissions&q=docker&sortby=create_ts+desc&start=0)
  
{#    http://www.rackspace.com/blog/get-faster-more-affordable-cloud-applications-with-os-virtualization-containers/#}
-{#2. podcasts, and videos#}
{#  - http://thechangelog.com/89/#}
{#  - http://foodfightshow.org/2013/04/docker-the-linux-container-runtime.html#}
{#  - http://trafficandweather.io/posts/2013/5/12/episode-11-#}
{#  - http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3N3n9FzebAA dotScale 2013 - Solomon Hykes - Why we built Docker#}
{##}
{#6. presentations and lightning talks (slides + videos)#}
{#   - Solomon pycon lightning talk (already have, but link as well?)#}
{#   - videos of the docker hack day presentations?#}
{#   - Brian McCallister at atmosphereconf https://atmosphere-conference.com/en/lecture/48/#}
{#   - Jef Lindsay & Solomon	Hykes Building Your Own PaaS with Docker at GlueCon 2013 (video: http://vimeo.com/67284401)#}
{##}
{#7. API and other libs for docker#}
{#   - http://rubygems.org/gems/kitchen-docker#}
{#   - https://github.com/brianm/docker-play#}
{##}
{#8. Other articles#}
{#   - http://www.infoq.com/news/2013/03/Docker#}
{#   - http://kuhnza.com/2013/03/27/docker-makes-creating-secure-sandboxes-easier-than-ever/#}
{#   - http://thechangelog.com/docker-from-dotcloud-is-now-open-source-the-future-of-linux-containers/#}


**If you find an interesting article is missing. Please make a pull request to [this page](https://github.com/dotcloud/www.docker.io/blob/master/_pages/about/press.md)**

{% endblock %}
